Improve README.md with comprehensive documentation (#76)
pandaman64/lean-regex: README.md

# lean-regex

A formally verified regular expression engine for the Lean programming language.

## Overview

lean-regex provides a robust, formally verified implementation of regular expressions for Lean 4. The library implements two distinct matching algorithms (a backtracker and a virtual machine), both with complete mathematical proofs of their correctness.

### Key Features

- **Formally Verified**: Both matching algorithms (backtracker and VM) are mathematically proven to correctly implement the semantics of regular expressions

> - **Real-World Regex Features**: Support for capture groups, character classes, alternation, repetition, and more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Real-World Regex Features**: Support for capture groups, character classes, substring matching, and more
```

## Installation

Add lean-regex to your Lean project by adding the following to your `lakefile.toml`:

```toml
[[require]]
name = "Regex"
git = "https://github.com/pandaman64/lean-regex"
rev = "v4.19.0"
subDir = "regex"
```

## Usage

```lean
import Regex

-- Create a regex at compile-time using re! syntax
let emailRegex := re! r"[a-zA-Z0-9_]+@[a-zA-Z0-9]+\.[a-zA-Z]{2,}"

-- Find matches
let matches := emailRegex.findAll "Contact us at info@example.com or support@company.org"
-- Returns positions of matches

-- Capture groups
let groupRegex := re! r"(a+)(b*)"
let captures := groupRegex.capture "aaabb"
-- Returns captured groups: group 0 = whole match, group 1 = "aaa", group 2 = "bb"
```

## Formal Verification

The library's correctness is formally verified through mathematical proofs in Lean 4. This ensures that:

1. **Soundness**: When the engine reports a match, it correctly follows the formal semantics of regular expressions
2. **Completeness**: When the engine reports no match, there truly is no match according to the formal semantics
3. **Capture Correctness**: Capture groups correctly identify the matched substrings

> The formal verification covers both matching algorithms:
> - **Backtracker**: A depth-first search approach with a stack
> - **VM**: A breadth-first approach with specialized set operations
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
